doc: bootloader: updated readme structure (#3341)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/ug_bootloader.rst

For detailed information about the memory layout, see the partition configuration in the :file:`<build folder>/partitions.yml` file or run ``ninja partition_manager_report``.

.. note::

>    To see above information, multi image need to be used. See :ref:`partition_manager` and :ref:`ug_multi_image` for details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   The Partition Manager must be enabled for the ``partition_manager_report`` to be available. See :ref:`partition_manager` and :ref:`ug_multi_image` for details.
```

Author: Would you accept below instead?
The Partition Manager must be enabled for the ``partitions.yml`` and ``partition_manager_report`` to be available. See :ref:`partition_manager` and :ref:`ug_multi_image` for details.

Reviewer: I think its important to highlight that one is a file and one is a ninja target.

```
:file:`partitions.yml` and ``partition_manager_report`` target
```

Author: I agree, fixed.

>    The Partition Manager must be enabled for the :file:`parititions.yml` and ``partition_manager_report`` target to be available. See :ref:`partition_manager` and :ref:`ug_multi_image` for details.

Author: What we want to say is that the partitions.yml will not exist and partition_manager_report will not produce any result if Partition Manager is not enabled. In other words they are not targets of Partition Manager but its products. 
Would it still reflect that after your change?

I agree about newline for See(...)

>    The Partition Manager must be enabled for the :file:`parititions.yml` and ``partition_manager_report`` target to be available. See :ref:`partition_manager` and :ref:`ug_multi_image` for details.

Reviewer 2: Oooh, no, that changes it completely! I understood it the other way around.
In that case, how about:

The Partition Manager must be enabled to make the :file:`parititions.yml` file and the ``partition_manager_report`` target available.
See :ref:`partition_manager` and :ref:`ug_multi_image` for details.

>    The Partition Manager must be enabled for the :file:`parititions.yml` and ``partition_manager_report`` target to be available. See :ref:`partition_manager` and :ref:`ug_multi_image` for details.

Author: Fixed.

.. _immutable_bootloader:

Immutable bootloader
====================

The first step in the chain of trust is an immutable first stage bootloader, in the following referred to as immutable bootloader.
The code abbreviates this bootloader as SB (Secure Boot, Secure Bootloader) or B0.

The immutable bootloader runs after every reset and establishes the root of trust by verifying the signature and metadata of the next image in the boot sequence.

> If verification fails, the boot process stops.

Author: Fixed.

> This way, the immutable bootloader can guarantee that if the flash of the next image in the boot sequence (another bootloader or an application) has been tampered with in any way, that image will not start up.

Author: I think _that_ in the context here was to point to a specific image i.e. _that image_.

> This way, the immutable bootloader can guarantee that if the flash of the next image in the boot sequence (another bootloader or an application) has been tampered with in any way, that image will not start up.

Reviewer 2: Ah, I see :)
Still it "sounded" like something was missing... (probably just me) Would it be better if simply said:
"...in any way, the image will not..."?

> This way, the immutable bootloader can guarantee that if the flash of the next image in the boot sequence (another bootloader or an application) has been tampered with in any way, that image will not start up.

Author: Agree, fixed.

> For example, if an attacker attempts to take over the device by altering the flash, the device will not boot and not run the infected code.

Author: Fixed.

In addition, it can provide functionality for upgrading both itself and the following image in the boot sequence (in most cases, the application).

There are two partitions where the upgradable bootloader can be stored: slot 0 and slot 1 (also called *S0* and *S1*).

> A new bootloader image is placed in the partition that is not currently used.

Author: Fixed.

When booting, the immutable bootloader checks the version information for the images in slot 0 and slot 1 and boots the one with the highest version.

> If this image is faulty and cannot be booted, the other partition will always hold a working image, and that one is booted instead.

Author: Fixed.

Adding a bootloader chain to your application
*********************************************

> The |NCS| includes a sample implementation of an :ref:`bootloader`.

Author: Fixed.

Additionally, the |NCS| comes with a slightly modified version of :doc:`mcuboot:index`.

> Both bootloaders can easily be included in your application using :ref:`ug_multi_image`.

Author: Fixed.
